app-editors/emacs* -athena -Xaw3d
app-editors/emacs* -gconf -gsettings
app-editors/emacs* -gfile
app-editors/emacs* -gpm
app-editors/emacs* -gtk -xwidgets
app-editors/emacs* -gtk2
app-editors/emacs* -json
app-editors/emacs* -sound -alsa
app-editors/emacs* -toolkit-scroll-bars
app-editors/emacs* -zlib
app-editors/emacs* X
app-editors/emacs* dbus
app-editors/emacs* dynamic-loading
app-editors/emacs* gif jpeg png svg tiff xpm
app-editors/emacs* imagemagick
app-editors/emacs* inotify
app-editors/emacs* libxml2
app-editors/emacs* m17n-lib
app-editors/emacs* motif
app-editors/emacs* source
app-editors/emacs* xft
